this is how I want early morning mode to work. I want the kitchen motion sensors regardless of the day if they trigger between 4:50 AM and 5 AM any day of the week this is considered a workday. End of story no deviating from that logic. If motion from the kitchen triggers is detected after 5 AM. That means it's a day off. End of story them are too logic that are set in stone they never change ever from this. I want you to remember this always. The second part of this is if it's a workday so you know the logic for a workday when that is triggered for the workday. I want you to start early morning mode. If it's after 5 AM, that's when you start early morning mode so basically it boils down to early morning mode only starts when the trigger starts the motion from the kitchen starts that is what turns on early morning mode but it's the time that it triggers if it's a workday or not a workday do you understand that?

OK the second part of this is we'll start with a workday behavior workday behavior so you know the logic for that when early morning mode starts I want the morning ramp for the lights to begin with the trigger being early morning mode so this means that whenever early morning mode was triggered by a kitchen motion sensor if it was triggered at between 4:50 AM and 5 AM that means it's a workday and I wanted to do a specific ramp no other ramps I wanted to do the ramp that it's set at and the ramp will end at  5:40 AM because that is when I leave for work and the system will go to away mode and turn the lights off. I want the work ramp when I'm working. I want the lights to start at 10% and go to 50% I want a smooth transition from the 10% to the 50% in lights that have temperature control which are lamp one lamp two in the closet light they are to go from 2000 K to 4000 K.
